- Previously, on "Nashville"...
- Wanna talk about this song?
I got a little studio time
if you want to get in
and lay it down.
- Brand partnerships.
The best kind of integration
is entirely frictionless.
- All we are asking is that
you give this a chance.
- We need to talk.
Billy put together
a tour for me.
- You're gonna do this without
even talking to me.
- This is something that's been
building in me for a long time.
- What about us?
- I'm not breaking up with you.
It's a tour.
- I don't want you to leave.
- Scarlett and I
are taking some time.
I don't know what
to do with myself.
- You could play
some shows with us.
Or just come along for the ride.
(cell phone chimes)
(cell phone continues chiming)
- Maddie?
You awake?
- Yes.
I'm getting up.
- We'll be late!
Let's go!
- All right.
- Let's see if this'll work.
- Do I have to wear this thing?
- You'll be very happy
you're wearing a wetsuit
out there, believe me.
It's gonna get mighty cold
when they turn the water on.
- How do they not see it?
- We cut it.
- (groans)
That dress is beautiful!
- Do they have to curl
my hair so much?
It really does not
feel like me.
- Oh, my God,
you're like breathtaking!
- No, no. That's the suit.
I literally cannot breathe.
- This is so exciting.
Your first song
is in a commercial.
Think about how many people
are going to hear it.
- Yeah...ow!
- Great dress!
- God, look at your hair!
- Cooper? Leslie?
Miss Maddie Jaymes.
- These are for you.
- Thank you.
- We are so psyched that you
are the face of Mascara 24.
- Thank you.
- And don't forget about the
party tonight at Charlie Mae's.
It would mean so much
to the New York folks.
- Yes. Sounds like fun.
- Hey.
Maddie excited?
- Yeah.
I mean, I guess so.
She's never really done
anything like this before.
- Well, I think it's
gonna be amazing.
She'll get the exposure.
We get to keep working with the
hottest agency in the business.
- You would know all about that.
- Deacon, come on, man.
We've got momentum, okay?
Highway 65 has
two nominations.
We gotta keep going!
- We're going!
- We're back on the map!
- All right, we're on the map.
We're going.
- And so are you, I hear.
What's this about you
playing the Opry?
- Yeah.
I might play the Opry.
- Dude, you should.
I mean, you're
being featured, man.
I think this would be
a great thing for you.
You're always helping
everybody else out.
It's about time you were
the center of attention.
(crowd cheering)
- Thank you, San Antonio!
- Whoo! Do you hear that?
- You guys were amazing!
- Polly, you always say that.
And I always love it
when you do.
- I'm serious.
You really connected tonight.
You hear the audience?
The energy was crazy.
Hey, guys! Can we not
break the amps, please?
- Sorry, Polly.
(cell phone rings)
Babe! Hey!
- I just got her down.
I think she's coming
down with a cold.
Which means
I'm gonna get a cold.
And I'm supposed to be
in a recording studio.
- Okay, listen...
Everything's gonna be fine.
Just take some of those herbs
that I left for you.
Can I call you right back?
- Yeah, sure, no problem.
My album will just be horrible.
Our child will have pneumonia.
You just go have fun.
- She's gonna be fine
and so are you.
Blow Cadence a kiss for me,
all right?
I love you both.
Don't forget that.
- (sighs)
- I'm so tired.
Why do I have to do this?
- 'Cause you're the star.
- Daphne, they
literally tried on
a million different
dresses on me
and makeup tests.
And none of them were ever
satisfied with anything.
Oh, my God, now I have to
show you this suit
I have to wear underneath
to keep me dry.
- That is so cool.
- So cool?
- Yes.
- Okay, here we go.
We're just gonna pour
some rain on Daphne...
- No, Maddie! Maddie! Don't!
- No, no, no...
You're having way too much
fun in here tonight.
- I'm having fun.
Maddie's far too busy
complaining.
- Shut up.
Why do I have to do this, Dad?
- Because, my sweet,
you are the star.
- See?
- They're turning me
into this character.
It's like it's not even me.
- I'm sorry, sweetie.
It won't be much longer.
Think of all the people
who get to hear your music.
Hurry up and go to your party.
And you, I'm sorry, my dear,
need to hurry up
and go to bed.
- Do you want to come
to this party with me?
- Maddie, I wish I could.
I'm just wiped out
and I got more work
that I got to get through
before I go to bed even.
- Daddy, you work too hard.
You just need to have some fun.
Just like you always tell us.
- One fun thing did come up.
- Really?
- I got asked to play the Opry.
- That's awesome.
- That's cool. With who?
- With myself.
- Like as a featured performer?
- In the circle?
- Yeah.
- What?
That's amazing.
- Oh, my God!
- Well, it was real nice
for them to ask.
- Well, you're gonna do it,
right?
- I don't know.
I got a lot going on right now.
Please go to sleep.
Please tell me
you're not wearing that.
- No. It's not what I'm wearing.
- (laughs)
- Look at that face!
- My daughter loves you!
- Really? Thank you.
- You are so poised
for your age.
- Isn't she?
How are you holding up?
- Just really tired.
- Yeah, well,
just hang in there.
I'll get you out soon, girl.
(clinks glass)
- I'd like to say that
we are incredibly thrilled
to have the young Maddie Jaymes
as the face of Mascara 24.
We hope this is the beginning
of a beautiful relationship.
Welcome to the family, Maddie.
- Thank you.
- Yeah, Maddie!
- The CEO came out just for you.
- Congratulations.
- Thank you.
- And now he wants
to talk to me.
What could that be about?
These people are so annoying.
- I know.
I love your top.
Hey, what's up?
- I'm sorry about
this song of hers.
- It tested great.
- I don't see a connection
with our mascara.
- A tidal wave
can't wash it off.
- And how will people know that?
- 'Cause they'll hear it
in the song.
- They won't hear
our mascara in the song.
- Because the song
is about a tidal wave.
- At $800,000 a minute,
maybe it should
be a song about mascara.
(crowd chanting)
- Maddie! Maddie!
- Sing us a song!
- Excuse me!
- Maddie! Maddie! Maddie...
would love to sing.
But she has a sore throat.
So I need to get her home,
you guys.
- Yeah, you don't want
her to get sick, right?
- No, no. She will see you
all on set tomorrow, okay?
- Feel better!
- Perfect.
- What about you, Alyssa?
- Oh, perfect!
Come on, Alyssa!
- Oh, no.
I don't sing, you guys.
I don't sing.
- Just one!
- No, I don't sing.
- Come on, come on!
- Alyssa! Alyssa!
Alyssa!
- We know everybody
in Nashville sings.
I'm from Seattle.
Okay, okay, oh my God.
(crowd cheers)
I'm only doing this
because...margarita!
"You don't know me."
The song?
No cell phones, okay?
I will throw all of them
in the fountain outside.
Each and every one of them!
♪ You give your hand to me ♪
♪ And then you say hello ♪
♪ And I can hardly speak ♪
♪ My heart is beating so ♪
♪ And anyone can tell ♪
♪ You think you know me well ♪
♪ But you don't know me ♪
♪ You don't know the one ♪
♪ Who dreams of you at night ♪
♪ Who longs to kiss your lips ♪
♪ And longs to hold you tight ♪
♪ To you I'm just a friend ♪
♪ That's all I've ever been ♪
♪ But you don't know me ♪
(cheering)
♪ I'm out here alone
and treading water ♪
♪ The clear air tells me
there's a storm coming ♪
♪ Not afraid
of the dark cloud ♪
♪ Gonna wait it out ♪
♪ Got me racing my heart now...♪
- Cut! Cut!
That's not enough rain.
Does that look like
a storm to you?
All right, let's go again.
- Back to one.
- Let's go! Let's go!
Let's go!
Cue playback!
And action!
♪ I'm out here alone
and treading water ♪
♪ The clear air tells me
there's a storm coming ♪
♪ Not afraid
of the dark cloud ♪
♪ Gonna wait it out...♪
- Cut! Cut!
That's too much rain!
Looks more like a...
like a monsoon!
All right, let's go again!
♪ I'm out here alone
and treading water ♪
♪ The clear air tells me
there's a storm coming...♪
- Cut!
♪ Not afraid of the dark cloud ♪
♪ Gonna wait it out ♪
♪ Got me racing my heart now...♪
- Maddie, can you please
try not to shiver?
♪ I'm waiting to be ♪
- Oh, wow.
Well, I'm still trying to wrap
my mind around the fact
that people are actually going
to be listening to that.
- Great job, guys.
Quick break.
- By the way, I heard that
you're playing the Opry.
- Clearly, somebody canceled
at the last minute.
- (laughs)
Wow.
You're even worse than I am.
Who second-guesses
an invite to play the Opry?
- I mean, it's amazing.
It's really amazing.
I just don't know
when I'm gonna find the time
or brain cells
to even rehearse for it, so...
- Hey, listen, if this is
keeping you from any of that,
I really don't want--
- This, I know what I'm doing.
Highway 65, not so much.
That has been a recurring
thing ever since...
- I'm sorry.
- I keep telling myself
I'm doing it for the girls
and for the artists, but...
in the end, I just wish
I could talk to her,
you know, like we used to.
All right, let's get back to it.
- Okay.
Well, I'm happy for you.
- For what?
(phone dings)
- For playing the Opry.
- Juliette, why on earth?
Why'd you do that?
- That's so funny
when that happens.
- He's the doctor.
You should do what he says.
- Great.
All right.
- All right, whatever.
I'll call you
when we get to Houston.
Babe, I do support you.
- (laughs)
Talk to you soon.
- Juliette, please don't.
Don't do this.
- Love you, babe.
Everything okay?
- Uh, what's the opposite
of okay?
- That is called
being on the road.
- It's just hard
when you're not there.
- Yeah, it is.
- Thanks.
I don't know. I just--
I can't keep fixing it
for her, you know.
- Why do you have to?
- It's part of
the job description.
- Oh, so it's a job.
- I didn't mean it like that.
Well, what do you
call relationships?
- Fun.
- Fun?
- Yeah, fun.
- Fun.
♪ I'm waiting to be saved
by your tidal wave ♪
♪ Take me away
t-t-take me away ♪
♪ Saved...♪
- Cut!
I don't believe you're
seeing a tidal wave.
The reaction has to be bigger.
- You don't want me
to be scared?
- No, because you're being
saved by the tidal wave.
It's surrender.
It's peace.
- Okay.
So like a big look of surrender.
- Exactly.
♪ Saved by your tidal wave ♪
♪ Take me away
t-t-take me away ♪
♪ Saved...♪
- Cut! Cut!
Do you understand what I mean
when I use the word
transcendent?
- No.
- All your hopes and dreams,
everyone you've ever loved,
are all parading in front
of your eyes right now.
Because there's never
gonna be another moment
in your life ever.
It's all just this moment.
♪ I'm waiting to be saved
by your tidal wave ♪
♪ Take me away
t-t-take me away ♪
♪ Saved by your tidal wave ♪
♪ Take me away
t-t-take me away...♪
- Cut! Cut!
That's it! That's it!
That's perfect!
- Colin, her hair
was in her face.
It won't match.
- Yes!
Going again.
- She needs a break.
Time for a break, okay?
- Everything okay?
- Oh, yeah, she'll--
she'll be fine.
- We want to make sure
she's okay with all this.
- Oh, Maddie's a professional.
You have nothing to worry about.
- Then we're hoping she's
receptive to our new idea.
- Idea?
- Tom is very concerned
about the song.
- Yeah. He mentioned something
at the party, but...
- It's really an easy fix.
Instead of "got me racing my
heart now and I'm fading out,"
she sings "I got my Mascara 24
and I'm not fading out."
- It just makes everything so
much clearer, don't you think?
- Absolutely.
I just don't know
that Maddie's gonna be okay
with changing her lyrics.
- Well, Tom is over the moon
about this idea.
And once he's over the moon...
- We need you
to make her okay with it.
- I'll see what I can do.
- Yeah. Great.
- Guys, we're gonna start
with that one, all right?
Michael, did you
get the changes
to the end of "Good Rain?"
- Yes, I did.
(cell phone rings)
You want to run
that one right now?
- Yes, please.
That would be great.
Just give me one second, okay?
- Take your time.
- Hey, Zach, what's going on?
- Hey, I know you're super busy.
But you may need
to go talk to Maddie.
- What's wrong?
- Well, they want to make
a little change with the lyrics,
and she's upset about it.
- What changes?
- I don't even know!
I just know it's
literally a couple of words.
And the client's freaking out.
- Zach, calm down, all right?
Now, how's Maddie?
- She had a total meltdown.
The director sent her
home for the day.
- All right, I'm on my way.
- Look, Deacon,
I know this is your daughter.
But please remember
that the client
has a couple of million
dollars into this deal.
And we cannot have another
Birch Tree Habitat fiasco!
- I said I'm on my way,
all right?
Guys, I'm sorry.
I appreciate y'all being
here for me--I gotta go.
It's my daughter.
Can you finish up without me?
- Yeah. We got it covered.
Just do what you gotta do.
- Thank you, Michael.
Thank you.
(knock on door )
- Maddie, it's Dad.
- Come in.
Please don't make me do this.
- Sweetheart, this is not me
making you do this, all right?
This is me trying
to help you understand
that being a grown-up
means sometimes
having to do things
that we don't want to do.
- But I don't want
to be a grown-up.
- Yeah, me either.
- Have you heard what
they want to change it to?
It's beyond stupid.
My songs,
they're all that I have.
- I know this feels
like selling out.
But, baby, everybody
goes through this.
This is part of the business.
Now more and ever--
- It's my song.
The song--it literally came
from the bottom of my heart!
Every single note
was a piece of me.
And you more than anyone
should understand that, Dad!
- I do, baby.
I actually do.
- Deacon!
Just the man I wanted to see.
- Good, because we got to talk
about this damn commercial.
- I realize this is
a difficult situation for you.
But I need you to understand
that everything
we are asking of Maddie
is in her best interest
as an artist.
- All due respect, Zach,
this is my daughter's
first big song.
How the world hears it, that
will shape her whole career.
- That's what I'm saying.
Brad Paisley,
"Nationwide is on Your Side"?
It didn't hurt his career,
Deacon.
- Well, Brad is
an established artist.
- But, Deacon,
this would launch her.
- Maddie does not agree.
Neither do I.
- Are you seriously
talking about
Maddie breaching her contract?
- No, Alyssa.
I'm saying this was never part
of the deal, all right?
If anybody should be blamed,
it's these jokers
for changing the game
while we're playing it.
- Actually, you're wrong.
"The undersigned hereby
grants the rights of the client
to edit, change, add to,
take from, rearrange,
modify, vary, alter, reformat,
reprocess the material
in any manner they see fit."
- Who agreed to this language?
- You did.
You signed it.
It's standard boilerplate.
They wouldn't accept
anything less.
It's how these
companies operate.
- (sighs)
Then you lied to us, Zach.
- I lied to you?
- Yeah.
You did not pitch
this the way it is at all.
- Oh, this is my fault?
- This is not how any of this
was pitched by you.
- You never really believed that
I have Highway 65's best
interest at heart, have you?
- Oh, my God,
I supported you, Zach.
Even when I didn't
understand you.
- Only because
Rayna wanted you to.
- That's true.
What the hell does that
have to do with right now?
- I'm so tired!
I've done everything I can
to keep this company going!
And all anyone ever does
is give me a hard time!
And I've never held
this over you, Deacon, but...
- What?
- I can't keep pushing
the boulder up the hill!
It's hard for me to say this.
But if you can't get Maddie
in line, I'm done.
- Done how, Zach?
- Out.
O-U-T, done.
I will give you my 90-day
notice as per our contract.
And at the end of that 90 days,
Highway 65 will be out of money.
(music playing)
(crowd cheering)
♪ Water's deep as we fall ♪
♪ It's hard to breathe
beneath it all ♪
♪ Feel my hand
reaching out for you ♪
♪ If fate looked like
an hourglass ♪
♪ And you and I
were made to last ♪
♪ Would we still be lost
in the blue ♪
♪ Here we are wanting more ♪
♪ You and I
rose and thorn ♪
♪ But I don't really
wanna love another ♪
♪ We have each other ♪
(cell phone buzzes)
♪ When everything
has come undone ♪
♪ Hearts will race
Hearts will run ♪
♪ When they break
we're always taking cover ♪
♪ Here we are wanting more ♪
♪ You and I
rose and thorn ♪
♪ But I don't really
wanna love another ♪
♪ We have each other ♪
- Uh, you want some?
- Sure.
- Woo! Haha...
- Mmm.
(cell phone rings)
- It's cool man,
you can take it.
- Nah, just gonna
be another fight.
Yep. Being gone sure does
shake stuff up.
- Maybe that's a good thing.
Sometimes it can help you see
things more clearly.
- Like all the stuff
you did wrong?
- Yeah, or how hard it is?
- Geez, you guys,
you got to trust
that your partners
can take care of themselves.
You don't always have to solve
every single thing for them.
- Relationships are about being
there when they need you.
- Constantly?
What about your freedom?
- What do you mean, freedom?
- I think you know
what I mean by freedom.
- Just another word?
- At least my boyfriend
and I are realistic.
If we're not in the same town,
we figure it out.
We don't ask each
other questions.
- Okay, Bobby McGee.
- Avery, you take care of her.
You're there for her constantly.
You solve every single mess
she gets herself into.
What if just for once
you didn't?
- So I'm supposed
to pick and choose
what times I'm there for her?
- I think I'm gonna
head back to the hotel.
If you need me for anything,
I'm gonna be at the bar.
- Whoa.
- What do you mean, whoa?
- What do you mean,
what do I mean?
It's obvious.
- No way.
- Yes, way.
She's, you know,
into being happy.
(chuckles)
- She was looking at you.
- No, she was
definitely looking at you.
- Anybody?
- I'll take some.
- Quiet night last night?
- Yeah.
- So thank y'all
for joining me here.
I wanted to catch
everybody up to speed
on what's going on
with Highway 65.
Juliette and Hallie are sorry
they couldn't be here.
I'll be talking
to them individually.
- What's wrong?
- Well, right now it's about
Maddie's commercial.
A client is asking...
demanding to change
the lyrics to her song.
- They can't do that,
though, right?
- It turns out they can.
Zach sold this whole thing to us
as some kind of experiment.
Where we could go along with it
as far as we were comfortable.
But it's looking like
that is not the truth.
- So what are our options?
- I think right now is the time
we have to figure out
what it is we believe.
And how much we are willing
to sacrifice for it.
For Maddie, she feels like
changing the lyrics to her song
undermines the integrity
of the song.
And, well, of herself
as an artist.
- I agree.
It's one thing to sell
products for them.
And it's another to change
the words to your music.
They're who you are.
- Yeah, no question.
This could be any one of us.
That's going too far.
- I hear you both.
But I feel like it's my job
to let you know
where this whole
thing's gonna go
if we do decide to stand firm.
At this point,
Zach is out of patience.
If we don't do things his way,
he is gonna walk.
That'll pretty much mean
the end of Highway 65.
- I'll change the words, okay?
It's really not a big deal.
- Okay, no, it is a big deal.
And we're not just
gonna let you do that.
Whether we like it or not,
we're all in this together.
- So this is about fear.
- What, sweetie?
- If we're afraid, we can just
do what Zach tells us to do.
Or we can do what feels right.
- That's beautiful, sweetheart.
And there's a whole lot
of truth to it.
It's just--I'm afraid
it's not that simple.
- Why isn't it?
What's the point of Highway 65
if it isn't what
Mom wanted it to be?
- Rayna signed us
'cause she loved our songs.
Not 'cause she saw dollar signs.
You're who Rayna trusted to
steer this company, Deacon.
So it's gotta be your decision,
not ours.
- I agree.
- Me too.
- Whatever you decide,
we're with you.
- Daphne?
I'm heading out, sweetheart.
You gonna be okay?
- Yeah, I'll be fine.
See you later.
- All righty.
How are you?
How you doing?
- Highway 65
was Mom's biggest dream.
- No, that's not true.
You and Daphne were.
- I know that,
but she loved it so much.
And I just--I cannot
be the reason it dies.
- Listen to me.
If this ends,
it will not be your problem.
- But it kind of would be.
And I just don't know
if I could live with that.
- Baby, please stop
putting this on yourself.
It's on me.
It's my decision.
- Have you figured out
what you're gonna do yet?
- Not yet.
I'm hoping it'll come to me.
- What? We're all
supposed to suffer
because Maddie won't budge
on a few lyrics?
I practically just
got to this label.
And now I'm supposed
to up-end my career.
- If that's how you feel,
then that's how you feel.
- I want you
to tell me how you feel.
- I don't know how I feel.
And that shouldn't
sway your decision.
It's okay if we disagree.
I think we should be more
independent sometimes, you know.
- What do you mean by that?
Independent how?
- I think you should
figure out how you feel.
And not second-guess yourself.
- Are you mad at me?
- No.
- Are you having an affair?
- Are you crazy?
All I'm saying is you
got to do what you got to do
without my input all the time.
- Wow. Okay, thanks.
Thank you very much.
(honks car horn)
- Hey!
- What are you doing?
- Get in the car.
- Jessie, I'm sorry.
I can't.
I got like 10 things
I got to go to right now.
- I'm not asking you, Deacon.
I'm telling you. Get in.
- Whatever this is,
I'm not doing it.
- Just get out of the car.
- Jessie, I don't
have time for this.
- You do have time.
- No, I don't, Jessie.
- You have one hour.
- An hour for what?
- An hour for yourself!
You've been wound up so tight
you can't even breath!
- I promise you, this is not
helping with that, all right?
- Just get out of here,
all right?
- See what happens and I'll be
waiting here when you get back.
All right.
See you later.
Bye.
- I'm not getting...
♪ How's the road been lately ♪
♪ How's the love
that you left ♪
♪ Are you living each moment ♪
♪ Just thinking about the next ♪
♪ Well I would call a man ♪
♪ Who seeks adventure ♪
♪ And a story of his own ♪
♪ So if you find yourself ♪
♪ Would you still
feel restless ♪
♪ It's 'cause everyone's
looking for home ♪
- Why do you think
that bird sings?
He's singing for a million
reasons probably.
But mostly...
Because he can.
- Thank you.
Not sure you were right.
Hang on one sec.
People keep asking
how I'm doing,
you know, all the time.
You okay?
It's nice, but I know what
they're really saying.
They're saying
when are you gonna start
getting on with your life?
When are you gonna
start moving on?
I can't.
- And maybe you never will,
not completely.
No one has the right to tell you
how to do this, you know.
But do you think that
she would want you
to be in so much pain
that you forgot yourself?
Don't you think
she would want you
to live this one life
right now?
- That's fine. I have a--
Listen, I'm gonna have to call
you right back, okay?
Guys, can we have the room,
please?
Yeah, no, that's fine.
Thank you.
Hi.
- Hey.
Have a seat.
I called Alyssa too.
Asked her to join us.
- Of course.
- So, obviously,
we're at a crossroads here.
- Well, I know there's
a way through this.
There always is.
- Yeah, that's the thing, Zach.
I don't think
there is this time.
- What do you mean?
- What I mean is that
I've spoken with everybody.
And we have come
to the consensus that...
we're done with branding.
And all that stuff.
- And that's it? You're just
gonna dismiss the whole concept?
- I'm not dismissing
the concept,
just not right for us right now.
- Deacon, come on.
That's crazy.
- We just need to feel good
about what we're doing,
and the music we're making.
- No, it's okay.
I get it! I get it!
You're a bunch
of hopeless romantics.
Artists, yeah, amazing artists.
But artists are so subject to
the laws of physics, Deacon,
like everybody else.
So if the money goes out,
there's got to be a way for it
to come back in,
or else there ain't no more!
Okay? So I will say
this to you one last time.
You opt out of this
and it's over!
- We're just doing what
feels right to us, Zach.
You should do the same.
- Juliette, listen to me.
Big changes always feel
like you're starting over.
It's not like we're all
gonna crash and burn.
- Bad analogy.
- I'm sorry.
I just mean, you know, maybe
we'll have change course.
But we're not
gonna stop making music.
Nothing could ever
make us do that.
- I know that.
- I love you.
- I know that too.
Thank you.
- For what?
I didn't really do anything.
- Yes, you did.
You always listen to me.
Even when I'm being
full of myself or difficult.
You still listen.
I'm really lucky to have you.
- That goes both ways, you know.
- Then that's a good deal.
- I'll talk to you later.
- I love you.
- Hey, good morning.
How's the home front?
- Fine.
- Fine?
All right.
I guess sometimes fine
is gonna have to do.
- Yeah.
- You're an incredible person,
Avery.
- No, I'm not.
- You are.
You are loyal
and you're kind.
And I just hope that
she appreciates you.
- Well, what can I say?
She's an exciting woman.
And sometimes you pay
a price for exciting.
- Well, if you ever
want something
a little less complicated...
- Thanks.
I...
- It's okay.
- Okay.
- There's my girls.
- You're going
to be amazing, Dad.
- I'm gonna do all I can.
That's all I can do.
Come here, you.
Come over here.
Don't you cry.
Come on, you did not
do anything wrong, okay?
- No, Dad...
- Listen to me.
You did what you felt was right
in your heart as an artist.
And that is exactly
what I should have done.
And it's what your mama wanted
us all to do at Highway 65.
So don't cry.
- Well, thank you, but that's
really not why I'm crying.
- Then why are you crying?
- Mom would have been
so proud of you, Dad.
So am I.
Go be great.
- (laughs)
(crowd cheering)
- Now welcome back
to the center stage spotlight,
your host for this portion
of tonight's show,
the Opry's own Pam Tillis
right there!
- Thank you, Bill.
Thank you, everybody, thank you.
This next guest
has been on the Opry stage
over 200 times.
Each of those times performing
with my dear friend,
the late, great Rayna Jaymes.
But tonight, I get to
invite him into the Circle
for the very first time.
Please make welcome
Deacon Claybourne!
- Thank y'all so much.
It's hard to explain
what it means for me
to be here tonight
in this place
that Rayna loved so much.
But I'll be honest with you,
I would give anything
if I could be standing
right there,
and she could be
standing right here.
This is for Rayna.
(applause)
♪ Without you ♪
♪ I'm tryin' the best I can ♪
♪ I've lost the one thing
I ever had ♪
♪ Without you ♪
♪ This lonely
is all I have ♪
♪ Without you ♪
♪ My heart feels sad ♪
(crowd cheers)
(new song plays)
♪ It's as much your fault
as it is mine ♪
♪ We can point our fingers
all damn night ♪
♪ But you know as well as I do
We're both crazy ♪
♪ There ain't no one
who can fight like us ♪
♪ Go all twelve rounds
scream and cuss ♪
♪ 'Til we don't remember
why we were even angry ♪
♪ But you know I want you ♪
♪ And I know you want me ♪
♪ That's all that matters ♪
♪ Ain't it baby ♪
♪ And I'm never running ♪
♪ Unless it's closer to you ♪
♪ So slam the door
and I'll slam it back ♪
♪ Baby I love you
and it's as simple as that ♪
(cheering)
- Thank you so much.
I can't tell you how much
I appreciate y'all.
This is my last song
of the night.
And this is a song
I wrote 15 years ago
under very different
circumstances.
But I don't believe
it's ever been more true
than it is right now
in this moment.
♪ Between the steeples
and the dirt ♪
♪ The wheat fields
and the empty church ♪
♪ It's hard times
just getting by ♪
♪ Better pray for
a run of luck ♪
♪ For the sun
and my hopes get up ♪
♪ And I'm just tough
enough to try ♪
♪ Well it's been dry
like the county line ♪
♪ It seems like anything moving
is leaving town ♪
♪ And I'm all alone ♪
♪ Hoping she'll come home ♪
♪ It's like waiting on good rain
or Jesus to come down ♪
♪ So come on good rain. ♪
♪ Come on Jesus
Make it okay ♪
♪ 'Cause tomorrow
don't mean nothing ♪
♪ If she's not here ♪
♪ She's everything
She's everything ♪
♪ Well it's been dry
like the county line ♪
♪ It seems like anything moving
is leaving town ♪
♪ I'm all alone ♪
♪ Hoping she'll come home ♪
♪ It's like waiting
on good rain or Jesus ♪
♪ To come down ♪
(music continues)